Simulation runs in two steps:
	classical step considers motion due to E field, B field and drag force
	Quantum step considers all other interactions
	
Classical Step
	Dwyer uses 4th order runge-kutta. Adjusts timestep to be as large as possible without the energy or distance change being too large.
		need to be many timesteps in an avalenche length
		updates particles that a lagging in time (is there an effiecent way to do this? Is it even needed, since electrons are independant)
	energy change needs to be not very large, or calculating cross sections can be inacurate
		I need to implement this
		Maybe I will go with 4 or 5th order runga-kutta, and conservativly choose next timestep to keep energy change and distance change small.
		Figure out a way to be conservative enough to not throw away timesteps??
		
	Subract moller off of bethe force where necisary. Simularly for Bhaba scattering
	

Note that Dwyer's model is not good for low energies (<100 ev). So it cannot accuratly simulate the low-energy population. Thus this monte-carlo simulation is not good for calculating 
any parameters dependant on the low-energy population. Dwyer has a seperate diffusion model to consider the low energy electrons.

The Monte-Carlo simulation is used to get a number of parameters, e.g. average energy (7.3 Mev) and diffusion coeficents. These are calculated only for the runaway electrons, and AFTER the RREA has
reached steady-state equilibrium.

To force simulation to match steady-state equilibrium more quickly, seed electrons can be injected to have energies corresponding to an exponential distribution with average energy of 7.3 Mev

Note that there is a differance between the absolute minimum energy that this simulation is good for (currently 100 ev), and the minimum energy that is actually used in simulation.


Quantum step:
	generally use inverse transform sampling and save into tables
	if distribution is flat, then rejection sampling can be more effiecent than table look-up
	
	to decide if interaction hapened, then find mean-free-path (MFP):  1/MFP=cross_section * scatterer_density
	sample the path traveled according to exponential distribution :  dP/dz=exp(-Z/MFP)/MFP
		inverse transform sampling:  Z=-MFP*ln(1-p) where p is uniform from 0 to 1.
	then do interactions such that:
	
	DT=distance_traveled_this_step
	while true:
		sample Z
		if Z>DT:
			break
		else:
			do interaction
			DT-=Z
			
	This is better than my method (sampling poisson dist.) becouse, in this method, if interaction changes energy, the MFP can change accordingly
	
	Coulomb scattering is 0th order (photon-less) bremsstralung
	
Photons:
	don't timestep. They travel in straight lines untill they interact. 
	calculate MFP according to total cross section. (note that inverses of MFP add).
	Sample the MFP, and propagate photon
	Then choose which interaction happens, weighting by MFP
	
	Coherant scattering (The atom interacts coherantly):
		-called Reileigh scattering
		-only changes direction of photon
		
	incoherant scattering:
		-called compton scattering
		-kicks out electron
	
	can find tables at:
		nist xcom
		photon cross section database
		
positron
	-only do 2 photon anihilation, many need to do 3 photon anihilation
		do in center-of-mass then boost-forward
		
super-particles
	put statitics where need it. 
	Each electron is worth many electrons (say 100)
	For normal electron physics pretend as each super-particle as a single electron
	but when couple to lower-order stuff (photons, positrons), do many times
		AKA do bremstrahlung 100 times. But only let one interaction affect electron energy (maybe average?)
		
	really helps emphasize feedback.
	
	
Things can improve upon:

Make simulation faster then Dwyer to do large numbers of feedback calculations
add nuclear interactions (photons can kick-out nuetrons)
Add ability to handle low-energy electrons
	maybe add ability to modify electric fields
add ability to interact with Corsika, to see how RREA modifies airshowers

Note that Geant can't handle feedback very well. 
	Other than Dwyer, almost no one can handle can handle feedback
	Dwyer's work needs confirmation
	
	
Jobs I could move into:
	Medical physics (needs high-energy stuff)
	high-energy particle physics
	high-energy astro. physics
	
Job postings in E.O.S. and in Physics today.




